2212 - Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together. - Napoleon Hill
2211 - Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it. - Robert Schuller
2210 - For them to perceive the advantage of defeating the enemy, they must also have their rewards. - Sun Tzu
2209 - Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages. - Thomas Edison
2208 - Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities. - Robert Schuller
2207 - The opportunity to secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself. - Sun Tzu
2206 - Our character is basically a composite of our habits. - Stephen Covey
2205 - Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people. - Spencer Johnson
2204 - The big thing is that you know what you want. - E. Nightingale
2203 - Failure doesn’t mean you are a failure it just means you haven’t succeeded yet. - Robert Schuller
2202 - No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. - Andrew Carnegie
2201 - Don’t just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it. - Jim Rohn
2200 - People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them. - Tony Robbins
2199 - If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. - Jim Rohn
2198 - Persistence is not will-power, it is much stronger and is grounded in belief, passion and desire. - Richard Parkes Cordock
2197 - Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster. - Sun Tzu
2196 - You must have the self discipline to do the things you do not want to do, when you do not want to do them. - Richard Parkes Cordock
2195 - Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities. - Robert Schuller
2194 - Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. - Napoleon Hill
2193 - What would you do if you knew you could not fail? - Robert Schuller
2192 - Our character is basically a composite of our habits. Because they are consistent, often unconcious patterns, they constantly, daily, express our character. - Stephen Covey
2172 - Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power. - Da Vinci
2169 - The path to success is to take massive, determined action. - Tony Robbins
2168 - I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Albert Einstein
2167 - Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success - Stephen Covey
2162 - A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve! - Andrew Carnegie
2157 - If you can’t sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. - Dale Carnegie
2154 - I did want to play, so I’m disappointed. But it’s smart in the long run. - Spencer Johnson
2153 - If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been. - Robert Schuller
2152 - Unlike productions in the other arts, all television shows are born to destroy two other shows. - Les Brown
2150 - The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. - Dale Carnegie
2146 - It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. - Napoleon Hill
2145 - Effective leadership is putting first things first. - Stephen Covey
2142 - The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records. - Richard Branson
2141 - I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill. - Thomas Edison
2140 - Never bring the problem solving stage into the decision making stage. Otherwise, you surrender yourself to the problem rather than the solution. - Robert Schuller
2100 - Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress. - Gandhi
2090 - Life well spent is long. - Da Vinci
2082 - Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. - Les Brown
2078 - It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently. - Tony Robbins
2076 - Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. - Henry Ford
2072 - We get paid for bringing value to the market place. - Jim Rohn
2070 - Learn to say ‘no’ to the good so you can say ‘yes’ to the best. - John Maxwell
2068 - Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential. - W. Churchill
2064 - Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Les Brown
2062 - Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. - Thomas Edison
2060 - I never did a day’s work in my life. It was all fun. - Thomas Edison
2058 - Don’t find fault, find a remedy. - Henry Ford
2050 - The thing is to get the work done. - Dale Carnegie
2048 - One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. - Dale Carnegie
2046 - Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. - Andrew Carnegie
2040 - Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. - Napoleon Hill
2036 - Only the prepared speaker deserves to be confident. - Dale Carnegie
2034 - If you’re lying, you’re lying. - John Maxwell
2028 - Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities. - W. Churchill
2026 - The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use. - E. Nightingale
2024 - The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking…the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker. - Albert Einstein
2022 - If you’re going to be thinking, you may as well think big. - Donald Trump
2020 - We cannot create observers by saying ‘observe,’ but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and these means are procured through education of the senses. - Maria Montessori
2016 - We choose what attitudes we have right now. And it’s a continuing choice. - John Maxwell
2012 - Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism – and wars. - Dale Carnegie
2010 - Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein
2004 - The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. - E. Nightingale
2000 - We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it. - W. Churchill
1996 - Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of mental laziness. - Tim Ferriss
1994 - If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. - Jim Rohn
1992 - You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over. -  Richard Branson
1990 - Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
1988 - As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big. - Donald Trump
1986 - Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
1984 - I have offended God and mankind because my work didn’t reach the quality it should have. - Da Vinci
1978 - Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. - Jim Rohn
1976 - Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy’s strategy. - Sun Tzu
1974 - We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. - Tony Robbins
1968 - Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. - Dale Carnegie
1964 - Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought. - Napoleon Hill
1962 - Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality - Napoleon Hill
1960 - You give before you get. - Napoleon Hill
1954 - Only by contending with challenges that seem to be beyond your strength to handle at the moment you can grow more surely toward the stars. - Brian Tracy
1952 - It always seems impossible until its done. - Mandela
1950 - Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people. - Spencer Johnson
1944 - I am convinced that He (God) does not play dice. - Albert Einstein
1942 - Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy. - Brian Tracy
1940 - Well, the odds must be against anybody being able to fly around the world in a balloon on the first attempt. All of us who are attempting to go around the world in balloons are effectively flying in experimental craft because these craft cannot be tested. -  Richard Branson
1938 - Tell the audience what you’re going to say, say it; then tell them what you’ve said. - Dale Carnegie
1934 - Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn. - E. Nightingale
1932 - Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true. - Caesar
1930 - If you have an important point to make, don’t try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver. - W. Churchill
1928 - If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near. - Sun Tzu
1926 - Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - W. Churchill
1924 - I cannot teach you violence, as I do not myself believe in it. I can only teach you not to bow your heads before any one even at the cost of your life. - Gandhi
1922 - All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. - E. Nightingale
1918 - It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste. - Henry Ford
1914 - The value of an idea lies in the using of it. - Thomas Edison
1912 - Invest three percent of your income in yourself (self-development) in order to guarantee your future. - Brian Tracy
1609 - What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. - Donald Trump
1605 - Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal. - Albert Einstein
1597 - Money is usually attracted, not pursued. - Jim Rohn
1593 - There is no such thing as failure. There are only results. - Tony Robbins
1591 - Water is the driving force of all nature. - Da Vinci
1575 - Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. - Thomas Edison
1569 - One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don’t go into government. - Donald Trump
1567 - Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. - Tony Robbins
1565 - There can be no keener revelation of a society’s soul than the way in which it treats its children. - Mandela
1559 - If you raise your children to feel that they can accomplish any goal or task they decide upon, you will have succeeded as a parent and you will have given your children the greatest of all blessings. - Brian Tracy
1557 - We’ve always had a pretty competitive and pretty ferocious battle with British Airways… It’s lasted now about 14 years, and we’re very pleased to have survived it. -  Richard Branson
1551 - It’s the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep. - Dale Carnegie
1538 - People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be - E. Nightingale
1534 - Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else’s hands, but not you. - Jim Rohn
1520 - Yes, we have to divide up our time like that, between our politics and our equations. But to me our equations are far more important, for politics are only a matter of present concern. A mathematical equation stands forever. - Albert Einstein
1516 - If help and salvation are to come, they can only come from the children, for the children are the makers of men. - Maria Montessori
1505 - Excellence always sells. - E. Nightingale
1497 - Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism — how passionately I hate them! - Albert Einstein
1489 - Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Gandhi
1487 - People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity - Andrew Carnegie
1481 - Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity. - Albert Einstein
1479 - When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. - Napoleon Hill
1460 - There’s a way to do it better – find it. - Thomas Edison
1443 - Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas Edison
1437 - Well, we know that people in Australia love the idea of both Impulse and Virgin Blue getting up and adding a bit of competition, and it’s fun to be able to deliver it. -  Richard Branson
1433 - Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time. - Brian Tracy
1417 - You can become an even more excellent person by constantly setting higher and higher standards for yourself and then by doing everything possible to live up to those standards. - Brian Tracy
1415 - The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another’s keeping. - Dale Carnegie
1409 - One test of the correctness of educational procedure is the happiness of the child. - Maria Montessori
1397 - Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary. - Gandhi
1395 - Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage — to move in the opposite direction. - Albert Einstein
1393 - A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. - John Maxwell
1387 - Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. - Dale Carnegie
1383 - The smallest feline is a masterpiece. - Da Vinci
1379 - If an educational act is to be efficacious, it will be only that one which tends to help toward the complete unfolding of life. To be thus helpful it is necessary rigorously to avoid the arrest of spontaneous movements and the imposition of arbitrary tasks. - Maria Montessori
1373 - In order to form an immaculate member of a flock of sheep one must, above all, be a sheep. - Albert Einstein
1371 - Just as a man is fulfilled through working out the intricate details of solving a problem, a woman is fulfilled through talking about the details of her problems. - John Gray
1365 - Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school. - Albert Einstein
1363 - Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true. - Brian Tracy
1361 - Every person is responsible for all the good within the scope of his abilities, and for no more, and none can tell whose sphere is the largest. - Robert Schuller
1355 - An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. - Gandhi
1353 - To grow in our ability to love ourselves we need to receive love as well. - John Gray
1351 - The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. - Robert Schuller
1347 - The book you don’t read won’t help. - Jim Rohn
1343 - We, we – as I say, we go in and shake up other industries and I think, you know, we do it differently and I think that industries are not quite the same as a result of Virgin attacking the market. -  Richard Branson
1341 - You must expect failure as part of your journey of success, failure and success go hand in hand, you cannot have one without the other. - Richard Parkes Cordock
1339 - The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance. - Brian Tracy
1337 - You must do one thing each day which makes you feel uncomfortable. - Richard Parkes Cordock
1325 - Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. - Sun Tzu
1311 - Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive. - Dalai Lama
1304 - A man’s ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeeded be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death. - Albert Einstein
1302 - Learning never exhausts the mind. - Da Vinci
1286 - A man’s sense of self is defined through his ability to achieve results. - John Gray
1284 - goal is a dream with a deadline. - Napoleon Hill
1275 - We will always tend to fulfill our own expectation of ourselves. - Brian Tracy
1271 - You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. - Brian Tracy
1267 - If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle. - Sun Tzu
1259 - History is written by the victors. - W. Churchill
1244 - We teachers can only help the work going on, as servants wait upon a master. - Maria Montessori
1242 - The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell. - Andrew Carnegie
1228 - Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance. - Brian Tracy
1212 - Who sows virtue reaps honor. - Da Vinci
1208 - Great spirits have often encountered violent opposition from weak minds. - Albert Einstein
1198 - Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - W. Churchill
1191 - You must face your fears and limiting beliefs head-on to develop your self-belief. - Richard Parkes Cordock
1189 - It is essential to seek out enemy agents who have come to conduct espionage against you and to bribe them to serve you. Give them instructions and care for them. Thus doubled agents are recruited and used. - Sun Tzu
1177 - You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life. - W. Churchill
1173 - You never know with these things when you’re trying something new what can happen. This is all experimental. -  Richard Branson
1169 - I came, I saw, I conquered. - Caesar
1159 - Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it. - John Quincy Adams
1157 - Sometimes one creates a dynamic impression by saying something, and sometimes one creates as significant an impression by remaining silent. - Dalai Lama
1151 - My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost. -  Richard Branson
1145 - The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. - Albert Einstein
1137 - Everything that’s really worthwhile in life comes to us. - E. Nightingale
1133 - Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself. - Andrew Carnegie
1131 - I never get the accountants in before I start up a business. It’s done on gut feeling, especially if I can see that they are taking the mickey out of the consumer. -  Richard Branson
1129 - I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. - Robert Schuller
1119 - Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day. - Jim Rohn
1116 - The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible. - Albert Einstein
1112 - Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. - Dale Carnegie
1111 - I don’t think so, in that Virgin is already a global brand. Brands like Amazon have had to spend hundreds of millions of pounds you know, building their brands, whereas Virgin is already well-known around the world. -  Richard Branson
1110 - Persistence is not will-power, it is much stronger and is grounded in belief, passion and desire. - Richard Parkes Cordock
1105 - It’s a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field. - Stephen Covey
1102 - Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. - John Maxwell
1101 - f you are insecure, guess what? The rest of the world is, too. - Tim Ferriss
1095 - The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now. - Leo Babauta
1089 - There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. - Dalai Lama
1088 - One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds. - Gandhi
1077 - So I’ve seen life as one long learning process. And if I see – you know, if I fly on somebody else’s airline and find the experience is not a pleasant one, which it wasn’t in – 21 years ago, then I’d think, well, you know, maybe I can create the kind of airline that I’d like to fly on. -  Richard Branson
1075 - No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. - Andrew Carnegie
1074 - As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. - Da Vinci
1073 - People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. - John Maxwell
1071 - The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. - Sun Tzu
1064 - I never worry about action, but only inaction. - W. Churchill
1063 - The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking. - Robert Schuller
1062 - Your mind is for having ideas, not for holding them. - David Allen
1061 - If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. - Tony Robbins
1060 - In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. - Donald Trump
1056 - Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend – or a meaningful day. - Dalai Lama
1054 - You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile. - Brian Tracy
1053 - Whatever you dwell on in the conscious grows in your experience. - Brian Tracy
1052 - When envoys are sent with compliments in their mouths, it is a sign that the enemy wishes for a truce. - Sun Tzu
1049 - Just because something doesn’t do what you planned it to do doesn’t mean it’s useless. - Thomas Edison
1047 - Money won’t create success, the freedom to make it will. - Mandela
1046 - Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall. - Stephen Covey
1045 - Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can? - Sun Tzu
1040 - Focus on being productive instead of busy. - Tim Ferriss
1039 - As long as you derive inner help and comfort from anything, keep it. - Gandhi
1037 - Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. - Albert Einstein
1036 - The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge. - Albert Einstein
1035 - History is more or less bunk. - Henry Ford
1034 - As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein
1033 - We mistakenly assume that if our partners love us they will react and behave in certain ways – the ways we react and behave when we love someone. - John Gray
1032 - He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave. - Andrew Carnegie
1031 - Secret operations are essential in war; upon them the army relies to make its every move. - Sun Tzu
1025 - Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come. - Robert Schuller
1019 - A person starts to live when he can live outside himself. - Albert Einstein
1015 - Hope is not good enough, action is what matters. - Richard Parkes Cordock
1013 - We still did not answer the questions that are important to us - Paulo Coelho
1011 - You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. - Les Brown
1008 - The wise man puts all his eggs in one basket and watches the basket. - Andrew Carnegie
1006 - You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. - Jim Rohn
1005 - Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
1001 - Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly. - Robert Schuller
995 - The enlightened ruler is heedful, and the good general full of caution. - Sun Tzu
993 - I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work. - Thomas Edison
989 - Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. - John Quincy Adams
984 - While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die. - Da Vinci
982 - Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities. - Robert Schuller
981 - Well, I think that there’s a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you’re likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line. -  Richard Branson
979 - We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them. - Albert Einstein
976 - There is far more opportunity than there is ability. - Thomas Edison
975 - Some people are at the top of the ladder, some are in the middle, still more are at the bottom, and a whole lot more don’t even know there is a ladder. - Robert Schuller
974 - One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus. - Tony Robbins
968 - The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you - Tony Robbins
965 - Hate the sin, love the sinner. - Gandhi
963 - Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. - E. Nightingale
959 - The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena. The teacher must understand and feel her position of observer: the activity must lie in the phenomenon. - Maria Montessori
958 - …one of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness, from the fetters of one’s own ever-shifting desires. A finely tempered nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought. - Albert Einstein
957 - Again and again, the impossible problem is solved when we see that the problem is only a tough decision waiting to be made. - Robert Schuller
952 - The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire. - Brian Tracy
951 - Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it. - Robert Schuller
949 - Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed. - Maria Montessori
948 - The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. - Tony Robbins
946 - I cannot remember a moment in my life when I have not felt the love of my family. We were a family that would have killed for each other – and we still are. -  Richard Branson
943 - Winning starts with beginning. - Robert Schuller
941 - There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare. - Sun Tzu
940 - You need to break larger goals down into smaller steps and create a plan of action to achieve them. - Richard Parkes Cordock
934 - I just try to go after it every game. Really. I just try to make a goal for every game of how many rebounds and how many offensive rebounds I can get. - Spencer Johnson
933 - Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event. - Brian Tracy
931 - The only real valuable thing is intuition. - Albert Einstein
929 - Like getting into a bleeding competition with a blood bank. -  Richard Branson
928 - No one lives long enough to learn everything they need to learn starting from scratch. To be successful, we absolutely, positively have to find people who have already paid the price to learn the things that we need to learn to achieve our goals. - Brian Tracy
927 - All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse. - John Quincy Adams
926 - If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. - Dalai Lama
925 - New opportunities do not come from sitting at home watch TV – you need to get out and create lucky breaks. - Richard Parkes Cordock
924 - We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within. - E. Nightingale
920 - Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
918 - Communication is a skill that you can learn. It’s like riding a bicycle or typing. If you’re willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life. - Brian Tracy
917 - Remember, you’re the one who creates speed, because you’re the one who allows stuff to enter your life. - David Allen
916 - The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there’s no risk of accident for someone who’s dead. - Albert Einstein
913 - Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life. - Dalai Lama
912 - Knowing is not enough! You must take action. - Tony Robbins
911 - All war is based on deception. - Sun Tzu
910 - If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man’s future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual’s total development lags behind? - Maria Montessori
908 - If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self. - Napoleon Hill
904 - It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts. - Robert Schuller
902 - Men are motivated and empowered when they feel needed. Women are motivated and empowered when they feel cherished. - John Gray
896 - Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed. - Dale Carnegie
894 - If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it. - Dalai Lama
893 - past, they may hinder your ability to live in the present. - Les Brown
892 - To fight and conquer in all our battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy’s resistance without fighting. - Sun Tzu
890 - Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. - Dale Carnegie
889 - If you need money, go to the bank, but not the marketplace. - Jim Rohn
886 - Success is simple but not easy. You must enjoy hard work. - Richard Parkes Cordock
879 - Your ability to communicate is an important tool in your pursuit of your goals. - Les Brown
878 - Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war. - Maria Montessori
876 - Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it. - Da Vinci
875 - However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. - W. Churchill
874 - In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes. - Caesar
873 - It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come. - Dalai Lama
869 - The person we believe ourselves to be will always act in a manner consistent with our self-image. - Brian Tracy
868 - To offer a man unsolicited advice is to presume that he doesn’t know what to do or that he can’t do it on his own. - John Gray
867 - The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. - Andrew Carnegie
865 - For them to perceive the advantage of defeating the enemy, they must also have their rewards. - Sun Tzu
864 - A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships. - Stephen Covey
863 - When negative feelings are suppressed positive feelings become suppressed as well, and love dies. - John Gray
861 - The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing. - Stephen Covey
860 - The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness. - Dalai Lama
859 - All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
854 - It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence. - Gandhi
851 - What would you do if you knew you could not fail? - Robert Schuller
850 - Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. - Napoleon Hill
848 - When a man loves a woman, periodically he needs to pull away before he can get closer. - John Gray
846 - Of all those in the army close to the commander none is more intimate than the secret agent; of all rewards none more liberal than those given to secret agents; of all matters none is more confidential than those relating to secret operations. - Sun Tzu
840 - Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance. - Sun Tzu
837 - Whether one believes in a religion or not, and whether one believes in rebirth or not, there isn’t anyone who doesn’t appreciate kindness and compassion. - Dalai Lama
834 - There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking. - Thomas Edison
833 - If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. - John Quincy Adams
830 - There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. - Les Brown
828 - The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. - Tony Robbins
826 - Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them. - John Maxwell
825 - No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. - Andrew Carnegie
823 - Goals must never be from your ego, but problems that cry for a solution. - Robert Schuller
820 - The blind quest for cash is a fool’s errand. - Tim Ferriss
818 - Goals help you channel your energy into action. - Les Brown
815 - He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious. - Sun Tzu
812 - The big thing is that you know what you want. - E. Nightingale
810 - Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. - Henry Ford
809 - To aid life, leaving it free, however, that is the basic task of the educator. - Maria Montessori
807 - Nip the shoots of arbitrary power in the bud, is the only maxim which can ever preserve the liberties of any people. - John Quincy Adams
806 - You must be the change you want to see in the world. - Gandhi
805 - Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster. - Sun Tzu
803 - We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals. - Stephen Covey
801 - Just because Fate doesn’t deal you the right cards, it doesn’t mean you should give up. - Les Brown
798 - You can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself. - Da Vinci
795 - Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom… The power to choose, to respond, to change. - Stephen Covey
793 - It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. - Robert Schuller
788 - We discovered that education is not something which the teacher does, but that it is a natural process which develops spontaneously in the human being. - Maria Montessori
786 - Know yourself, know the enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories. - Sun Tzu
785 - The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. - Dale Carnegie
783 - The price of greatness is responsibility. - W. Churchill
782 - Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. - Les Brown
781 - When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up. - Les Brown
780 - To see victory only when it is within the ken of the common herd is not the acme of excellence. - Sun Tzu
779 - A woman’s sense of self is defined through her feelings and the quality of her relationships. - John Gray
778 - Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation. - Brian Tracy
771 - A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. - John Maxwell
769 - People will choose unhappiness over uncertainty. - Tim Ferriss
768 - I have lived long enough both in years and in accomplishments. - Caesar
767 - Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air. - John Quincy Adams
766 - Successful people are simply those with successful habits. - Brian Tracy
765 - Your philosophy determines whether you will go for the disciplines or continue the errors. - Jim Rohn
761 - Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death. - Sun Tzu
760 - You must sow a seed of opportunity everyday. - Richard Parkes Cordock
759 - The task of the educator lies in seeing that the child does not confound good with immobility and evil with activity. - Maria Montessori
758 - I’ve found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. - Brian Tracy
757 - I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers. - Gandhi
756 - When I despair, I remember that all through history the ways of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants, and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible, but in the end they always fall. Think of it–always. - Gandhi
755 - Live with passion! - Tony Robbins
754 - Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. - Napoleon Hill
753 - Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming. -  Richard Branson
750 - And you know, I’ve had great fun turning quite a lot of different industries on their head and making sure those industries will never be the same again, because Virgin went in and took them on. -  Richard Branson
747 - The ultimate authority must always rest with the individual’s own reason and critical analysis. - Dalai Lama
745 - Live out of your imagination, not your history. - Stephen Covey
744 - We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. - Stephen Covey
740 - You can often measure a person by the size of his dream. - Robert Schuller
739 - And obviously, from our own personal point of view, the principal challenge is a personal challenge. -  Richard Branson
738 - If you fall, fall on your back. If you can look up, you can get up. - Les Brown
736 - You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you. - Brian Tracy
722 - The process of learning requires not only hearing and applying but also forgetting and then remembering again. - John Gray
721 - This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness. - Dalai Lama
720 - With realization of one’s own potential and self-confidence in one’s ability, one can build a better world. - Dalai Lama
719 - We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light. - E. Nightingale
717 - He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year. - Da Vinci
714 - I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar. - Andrew Carnegie
713 - The general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without fearing disgrace, whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for his sovereign, is the jewel of the kingdom. - Sun Tzu
712 - All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. - Da Vinci
709 - Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else. - Brian Tracy
708 - Indolence is a delightful but distressing state; we must be doing something to be happy. - Gandhi
707 - I love the freedom of movement that my phone gives me. That has definitely transformed my life. -  Richard Branson
706 - You never suffer from a money problem, you always suffer from an idea problem. - Robert Schuller
705 - I want freedom for the full expression of my personality. - Gandhi
704 - We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry. - Maria Montessori
703 - Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. - Dalai Lama
702 - The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one. - John Maxwell
700 - Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. - Gandhi
697 - Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing. - Napoleon Hill
690 - Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know. - Jim Rohn
684 - Only free men can negotiate;prisoners cannot enter into contracts.Your freedom and mine cannot be separated. - Mandela
682 - If you are going through hell, keep going. - W. Churchill
680 - Whether you think that you can, or that you can’t, you are usually right. - Henry Ford
678 - The first ten minutes of sorting through clothing was like choosing which child of mine should live or die - Tim Ferriss
675 - Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
672 - It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. - W. Churchill
669 - Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. - Andrew Carnegie
668 - I had rather be first in a village than second at Rome. - Caesar
667 - All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. - David Allen
666 - Exercise is bunk. If you are healthy, you don’t need it: if you are sick you should not take it. - Henry Ford
664 - There is no man living that can not do more than he thinks he can. - Henry Ford
661 - Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought. - Napoleon Hill
659 - Things rarely get stuck because of lack of time.They get stuck because the doing of them has not been defined - David Allen
653 - Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service. - E. Nightingale
652 - You have to be smart. The easy days are over. - R. Kiyosaki
647 - One does not leave a convivial party before closing time. - W. Churchill
643 - I cannot discover that anyone knows enough to say definitely what is and what is not possible. - Henry Ford
641 - Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
638 - No man is ever whipped until he quits in his own mind. - Napoleon Hill
637 - Creativity and freedom are two sides of the same coin. I like the best of both worlds. - David Allen
636 - There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas Edison
631 - The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. - Dale Carnegie
627 - More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth. - Napoleon Hill
626 - The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. - Napoleon Hill
623 - Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won’t work. - Thomas Edison
620 - Character isn’t something you were born with and can’t change, like your fingerprints. It’s something you weren’t born with and must take responsibility for forming. - Jim Rohn
618 - Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel. - Napoleon Hill
614 - We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. - Les Brown
607 - Men freely believe that which they desire. - Caesar
605 - A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. - Henry Ford
604 - Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. - Dale Carnegie
603 - The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure. - Dale Carnegie
600 - The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back - Dale Carnegie
595 - Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle. - Napoleon Hill
592 - To solve any problem,here are 3 questions to ask yourself:what could I do?what could I read?Who could I ask? - Jim Rohn
585 - Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career! - E. Nightingale
584 - A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one. - Henry Ford
581 - Forgive those who have hurt you. - Les Brown
576 - It is more agreeable to have the power to give than to receive. - W. Churchill
575 - War grows out of the desire of the individual to gain advantage at the expense of his fellow man. - Napoleon Hill
571 - He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. - Da Vinci
570 - It isn’t enough to think outside the box. Thinking is passive. Get used to acting outside the box. - Tim Ferriss
564 - There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge. - Napoleon Hill
563 - Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. - Napoleon Hill
561 - Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind. - E. Nightingale
559 - Play the game for more than you can afford to lose… only then will you learn the game. - W. Churchill
557 - A bore is a person who opens his mouth and puts his feats in it. - Henry Ford
556 - Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. - Thomas Edison
555 - Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners - Dale Carnegie
554 - The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today. - Les Brown
552 - Every time you walk down the street people are screaming, ‘You’re fired!’ - Donald Trump
551 - For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward. - Jim Rohn
549 - A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die. - Les Brown
544 - They were seeking out the treasure of their destiny, without actually wanting to live out their destiny. - Paulo Coelho
542 - Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake? - Da Vinci
540 - Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all. - W. Churchill
537 - You can’t learn in school what the world is going to do next year. - Henry Ford
534 - Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately. - Andrew Carnegie
531 - There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; its what we do with them that’s important. - Jim Rohn
528 - When a person really desires something,all the universe conspires to help that person to realize his dream - Paulo Coelho
527 - Don’t bring your need to the marketplace, bring your skill. - Jim Rohn
523 - We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - W. Churchill
518 - Hold a picture of yourself long and steadily enough in your mind’s eye, and you will be drawn toward it  - Napoleon Hill
516 - Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.  - Henry Ford
515 - Whatever you have, you must either use or lose.  - Henry Ford
513 - Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.  - Henry Ford
511 - Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.  - Jim Rohn
502 - Those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still.  - Dale Carnegie
500 - Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.  - Tony Robbins
497 - If you have an important point to make, don’t try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver.  - W. Churchill
493 - In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions.  - Tony Robbins
491 - An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.  - Henry Ford
489 - If there’s no action, you haven’t truly decided.  - Tony Robbins
488 - Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.  - Napoleon Hill
486 - Anything that does not belong where it is, is an “open loop” pulling on your attention.  - David Allen
485 - Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.  - E. Nightingale
484 - No accurate thinker will judge another person by that which the other person’s enemies say about him.  - Napoleon Hill
483 - Difficulties mastered are opportunities won.  - W. Churchill
481 - Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success.  - Andrew Carnegie
480 - Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up  - Thomas Edison
479 - There is no passion to be found playing small  - Mandela
477 - When dealing with people,remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic,but creatures of emotion  - Dale Carnegie
469 - Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.  - Donald Trump
466 - Tell the audience what you’re going to say, say it; then tell them what you’ve said.  - Dale Carnegie
465 - There is usually an inverse proportion between how much something is on your mind and how much it’s getting done  - David Allen
461 - For remember, fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind.  - Dale Carnegie
460 - Once a week, do a thorough review of all your projects in as much detail as you need to.  - David Allen
459 - Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.  - Jim Rohn
458 - A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!  - Andrew Carnegie
456 - Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.  - W. Churchill
452 - Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.  - Thomas Edison
450 - Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.  - Dale Carnegie
447 - The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.  - Andrew Carnegie
445 - Public behavior is merely private character writ large.  - Stephen Covey
444 - The path to success is to take massive, determined action.  - Tony Robbins
443 - The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.  - Da Vinci
441 - Being busy does not always mean real work.  - Thomas Edison
440 - Other people’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality.  - Les Brown
439 - Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something.  - Dale Carnegie
437 - The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.  - Andrew Carnegie
435 - Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.  - Henry Ford
432 - When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.  - Paulo Coelho
429 - If you’re going to be thinking, you may as well think big.  - Donald Trump
428 - What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.  - Caesar
427 - People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them.  - Tony Robbins
426 - You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it.  - Paulo Coelho
425 - If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.  - W. Churchill
424 - No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.  - Napoleon Hill
423 - Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.  - W. Churchill
422 - Everything in life is luck.  - Donald Trump
420 - In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.  - Stephen Covey
417 - The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else.  - E. Nightingale
416 - If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you.  - Jim Rohn
414 - It’s easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.  - Da Vinci
413 - A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.  - Mandela
411 - Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.  - Jim Rohn
409 - It is always your next move.  - Napoleon Hill
408 - It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.  - Caesar
407 - Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution.  - Thomas Edison
404 - A real decision is measured by the fact that you’ve taken a new action.  - Tony Robbins
403 - As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.  - Da Vinci
402 - Do you mind if I sit back a little? Because your breath is very bad.  - Donald Trump
400 - It is a fine thing to be honest, but it is also very important to be right.  - W. Churchill
397 - At the end of the day, the questions we ask of ourselves determine the type of people that we will become  - Leo Babauta
396 - The body is a community made up of its innumerable cells or inhabitants.  - Thomas Edison
394 - See yourself doing the things you’ll be doing when you’ve reached your goal.  - E. Nightingale
392 - We will act consistently with our view of who we truly are, whether that view is accurate or not.  - Tony Robbins
388 - If you don’t like how things are, change it! You’re not a tree.  - Jim Rohn
384 - I have wasted my hours.  - Da Vinci
381 - It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute… that gives meaning to our lives.  - Tony Robbins
380 - Blinding ignorance does mislead us. O! Wretched mortals, open your eyes!  - Da Vinci
379 - Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself. You are better than you think.  - Tim Ferriss
378 - Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.  - Jim Rohn
375 - Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.  - Napoleon Hill
373 - We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it.  - W. Churchill
372 - Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential.  - W. Churchill
371 - Our life is made by the death of others.  - Da Vinci
367 - Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.  - Paulo Coelho
365 - You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.  - Jim Rohn
362 - Art is never finished, only abandoned.  - Da Vinci
360 - Surmounting difficulty is the crucible that forms character.  - Tony Robbins
359 - The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.  - Dale Carnegie
356 - Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.  - Dale Carnegie
350 - The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.  - W. Churchill
349 - Common Sense is that which judges the things given to it by other senses.  - Da Vinci
348 - Unlike productions in the other arts, all television shows are born to destroy two other shows.  - Les Brown
347 - The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.  - Dale Carnegie
345 - Men willingly believe what they wish.  - Caesar
344 - Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement.  - Mandela
342 - Well, real estate is always good, as far as I’m concerned.  - Donald Trump
341 - Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.  - Caesar
340 - Which 20% of sources are causing 80% of my problems and unhappiness?  - Tim Ferriss
339 - We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.  - Jim Rohn
337 - Money is like an arm or leg – use it or lose it.  - Henry Ford
336 - Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.  - Mandela
335 - We have to stop and be humble enough to understand that there is something called mystery.  - Paulo Coelho
333 - Do the thing you fear […] that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear.  - Dale Carnegie
331 - A novel is never anything, but a philosophy put into images.  - Jim Rohn
329 - Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them.  - Les Brown
328 - The morality of compromise sounds contradictory.  - Andrew Carnegie
326 - You’ll find boredom where there is the absence of a good idea.  - E. Nightingale
325 - Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.  - Jim Rohn
324 - Whatever happens, take responsibility.  - Tony Robbins
322 - The fool are fools only because they think they can understand love.  - Paulo Coelho
321 - Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger.  - E. Nightingale
320 - Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.  - W. Churchill
317 - You have to think anyway, so why not think big?  - Donald Trump
316 - I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.  - Mandela
315 - The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge,experience &amp; ability  - Henry Ford
314 - Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality  - Napoleon Hill
313 - Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.  - E. Nightingale
312 - Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.  - Les Brown
311 - It always seems impossible until its done.  - Mandela
310 - You can do anything, but not everything.  - David Allen
309 - Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win  - Napoleon Hill
307 - Success is steady progress toward one’s personal goals.  - Jim Rohn
306 - To my mind the old masters are not art; their value is in their scarcity.  - Thomas Edison
305 - Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish,focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing  - Leo Babauta
303 - The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.  - E. Nightingale
302 - When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.  - Donald Trump
300 - The way to develop decisiveness is to start right where you are, with the very next question you face.  - Napoleon Hill
298 - It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.  - Caesar
297 - We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.  - Tony Robbins
296 - When fate hands you a lemon, make lemonade.  - Dale Carnegie
294 - Sure I am of this, that you have only to endure to conquer.  - W. Churchill
292 - What you are will show in what you do.  - Thomas Edison
290 - Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.  - E. Nightingale
289 - Picture yourself in your minds eye as having already achieved this goal.  - E. Nightingale
288 - Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process.  - Jim Rohn
284 - I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can’t be done.  - Henry Ford
281 - I do not believe a man can ever leave his business.He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night  - Henry Ford
278 - If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.  - Napoleon Hill
276 - A lot of people are afraid to tell the truth, to say no.  - R. Kiyosaki
275 - Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.  - Thomas Edison
274 - Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes shine to the stars.  - Henry Ford
273 - We all have possibilities we don’t know about. We can do things we don’t even dream we can do.  - Dale Carnegie
272 - Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.  - Da Vinci
271 - Without a sense of urgency, desire loses its value.  - Jim Rohn
268 - Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.  - Andrew Carnegie
267 - Money without brains is always dangerous.  - Napoleon Hill
266 - You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so.  - Dale Carnegie
265 - Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.  - Henry Ford
264 - Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat.  - Andrew Carnegie
263 - Aim for the highest.  - Andrew Carnegie
261 - It doesn’t matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off.  - Jim Rohn
260 - It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.  - Henry Ford
257 - It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.  - Jim Rohn
255 - To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.  - W. Churchill
253 - The die is cast.  - Caesar
251 - You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers.  - Les Brown
249 - There are three constants in life… change, choice and principles.  - Stephen Covey
248 - Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Les Brown
247 - Let there be work, bread, water and salt for all.  - Mandela
245 - Want to learn to eat a lot?Here it is:Eat a little.That way,you will be around long enough to eat a lot.  - Tony Robbins
244 - Miss a meal if you have to, but don’t miss a book.  - Jim Rohn
243 - Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.  - Da Vinci
242 - The biggest mistake of the man is that he thinks he doesn’t deserve the good and the bad things from his life  - Paulo Coelho
241 - Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.  - Napoleon Hill
239 - People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.  - Dale Carnegie
238 - Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.  - Napoleon Hill
237 - What’s going on in the inside shows on the outside.  - E. Nightingale
236 - If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.  - Jim Rohn
235 - The key is not to prioritize what’s on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.  - Stephen Covey
232 - To have a great idea, have a lot of them.  - Thomas Edison
231 - Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism – and wars.  - Dale Carnegie
230 - We get paid for bringing value to the market place.  - Jim Rohn
229 - Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better.  - Jim Rohn
227 - Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain – and most fools do.  - Dale Carnegie
226 - Asking is the beginning of receiving. Make sure you don’t go to the ocean with a teaspoon.  - Jim Rohn
225 - I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.  - W. Churchill
224 - Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.  - Henry Ford
223 - After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.  - Mandela
222 - It’s not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean.  - Tony Robbins
220 - Love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere.  - Paulo Coelho
219 - Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come from the individual.  - E. Nightingale
218 - Life well spent is long.  - Da Vinci
215 - You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.  - Dale Carnegie
214 - The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.  - Tony Robbins
213 - I never did a day’s work in my life. It was all fun.  - Thomas Edison
212 - Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together.  - Napoleon Hill
211 - Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of mental laziness.  - Tim Ferriss
210 - I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work.  - Thomas Edison
209 - Don’t let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality.  - Les Brown
208 - Frankly, I’m more of a researcher, teacher, motivator, and coach than I am an entrepreneur.  - David Allen
207 - We aren’t in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.  - Tony Robbins
206 - In life you need either inspiration or desperation.  - Tony Robbins
205 - Don’t just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it.  - Jim Rohn
204 - I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill.  - Thomas Edison
203 - Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.  - Thomas Edison
202 - History is more or less bunk. -  Henry Ford
&nbsp;
-  -  <a href="http://www.somuch.com" target="_blank">SoMuch.com</a>
200 - Once you’ve taken inventory, you can start to make sense of your runway.  - David Allen
199 - Experience is the teacher of all things.  - Caesar
198 - All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.  - Napoleon Hill
197 - One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.  - Paulo Coelho
196 - A well-spent day brings happy sleep.  - Da Vinci
195 - Which 20% of sources are resulting in 80% of my desired outcomes and happiness?  - Tim Ferriss
194 - Don’t be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs.  - Dale Carnegie
193 - The wise are wise only because they love.  - Paulo Coelho
192 - They say President Wilson has blundered. Perhaps he has, but I notice he usually blunders forward.  - Thomas Edison
191 - Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that’s more productive.  - Donald Trump
190 - If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.  - Dale Carnegie
188 - Your power is proportional to your ability to relax.  - David Allen
187 - There is little success where there is little laughter.  - Andrew Carnegie
186 - Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.  - Da Vinci
185 - The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch.  - Jim Rohn
184 - Part of your heritage in this society is the opportunity to become financially independent.  - Jim Rohn
182 - If you don’t feel well, tell your doctor, but not the marketplace.  - Jim Rohn
180 - Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.  - Jim Rohn
179 - If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.  - Dale Carnegie
177 - For changes to be of any true value, they’ve got to be lasting and consistent.  - Tony Robbins
176 - The point is that you can’t be too greedy.  - Donald Trump
175 - To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.  - Thomas Edison
174 - Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.  - Les Brown
172 - Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.  - Thomas Edison
171 - Being busy is a form of laziness – lazy thinking and indiscriminate action.  - Tim Ferriss
170 - All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me – consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.  - Donald Trump
169 - What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?  - Tony Robbins
168 - If you want to gather honey, don’t kick over the beehive.  - Dale Carnegie
167 - Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.  - Les Brown
166 - Seriously,people still like the feel and smell of a book.It doesn’t need batteries,cables,and you never get spammed  - David Allen
164 - Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought.  - Napoleon Hill
163 - If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.  - R. Kiyosaki
162 - We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.  - Mandela
161 - The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.  - Da Vinci
159 - You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.  - Les Brown
158 - I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.  - Donald Trump
157 - There’s always a way – if you’re committed.  - Tony Robbins
155 - Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.  - Paulo Coelho
154 - The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does.  - Napoleon Hill
152 - No one can lie, no one can hide anything, when he looks directly into someone’s eyes.  - Paulo Coelho
151 - Focusing on your values may provide you with meaning, but it won’t simplify things.  - David Allen
150 - We don’t know a millionth of one percent about anything.  - Thomas Edison
149 - I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk their talk.  - Tony Robbins
146 - The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.  - Henry Ford
145 - Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.  - Paulo Coelho
144 - Everything begins with an idea.  - E. Nightingale
143 - Nature never breaks her own laws.  - Da Vinci
140 - Sometimes the greatest gain in productive energy will come from cleaning the cobwebs  - David Allen
139 - Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right.  - Henry Ford
138 - Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.  - Paulo Coelho
136 - When the water starts boiling it is foolish to turn off the heat.  - Mandela
134 - Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself.  - Paulo Coelho
133 - You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.  - Napoleon Hill
132 - All of us need to grow continuously in our lives.  - Les Brown
131 - If you must speak ill of another, do not speak it, write it in the sand near the water’s edge.  - Napoleon Hill
130 - If you are carrying strong feelings about something that happened in your  - Les Brown
129 - There are no big problems, there are just a lot of little problems.  - Henry Ford
128 - Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.  - Dale Carnegie
124 - We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.  - Les Brown
123 - The value of an idea lies in the using of it.  - Thomas Edison
122 - I’m the No. 1 developer in New York, I’m the biggest in Atlantic City, and maybe we’ll keep it that way.  - Donald Trump
121 - Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.  - Les Brown
118 - Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don’t make.  - Donald Trump
117 - Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.  - Napoleon Hill
116 - We will receive not what we idly wish for but what we justly earn.  - E. Nightingale
115 - Remember happiness doesn’t depend upon who you are or what you have;it depends solely on what you think  - Dale Carnegie
114 - Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn.  - E. Nightingale
113 - The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around.  - Thomas Edison
112 - The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.  - Mandela
111 - Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.  - Thomas Edison
110 - Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don’t go well.  - Jim Rohn
109 - How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I’m committed to?  - Tony Robbins
108 - The mind moves in the direction of our currently dominant thoughts.  - E. Nightingale
107 - I have offended God and mankind because my work didn’t reach the quality it should have.  - Da Vinci
106 - Well you know, for my experience, your head’s for having ideas, not for holding them.  - David Allen
104 - All you have to do is know where you’re going. The answers will come to you of their own accord.  - E. Nightingale
102 - Men are nearly always willing to believe what they wish.  - Caesar
101 - Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now.  - E. Nightingale
100 - If you can’t sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying.  - Dale Carnegie
99 - I start where the last man left off.  - Thomas Edison
98 - Creativity is a natural extension of our enthusiasm.  - E. Nightingale
97 - Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success  - Stephen Covey
96 - It’s tangible, it’s solid, it’s beautiful. It’s artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.  - Donald Trump
95 - Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.  - Jim Rohn
94 - Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.  - Paulo Coelho
93 - No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected.  - Caesar
92 - Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The real excitement is playing the game  - Donald Trump
91 - Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.  - Napoleon Hill
90 - As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.  - Donald Trump
89 - The first thing the secretary types is the boss.  - Donald Trump
88 - I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory.  - Caesar
87 - Do not let spacious plans for a new world divert your energies from saving what is left of the old.  - W. Churchill
86 - Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit  - Napoleon Hill
85 - The major reason for setting a goal is for what it makes of you to accomplish it.  - Jim Rohn
84 - Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.  - Stephen Covey
83 - Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.  - Les Brown
82 - It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project.  - Napoleon Hill
81 - The major value in life is not what you get. The major value in life is what you become.  - Jim Rohn
80 - Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.  - Da Vinci
78 - Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.  - E. Nightingale
77 - One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living.  - Dale Carnegie
76 - Academic qualifications are important and so is financial education.  - R. Kiyosaki
75 - If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.  - Henry Ford
74 - People with goals succeed because they know where they’re going.  - E. Nightingale
73 - The royal road to a man’s heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.  - Dale Carnegie
70 - Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.  - Napoleon Hill
69 - A game is like a mirror that allows you to look at yourself.  - R. Kiyosaki
68 - Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken.  - Donald Trump
67 - Maturity is often more absurd than youth and very frequently is most unjust to youth.  - Thomas Edison
66 - When people are like each other they tend to like each other.  - Tony Robbins
65 - Concentration is my motto – first honesty, then industry, then concentration.  - Andrew Carnegie
64 - Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.  - Les Brown
63 - It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see.  - W. Churchill
62 - You can become blind by seeing each day as a similar one.  - Paulo Coelho
61 - Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.  - Henry Ford
60 - Inside of every problem lies an opportunity.  - R. Kiyosaki
59 - Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.  - Napoleon Hill
58 - The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.  - Napoleon Hill
57 - Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner.  - Les Brown
56 - Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.  - Henry Ford
55 - I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present.  - Donald Trump
54 - Make measurable progress in reasonable time.  - Jim Rohn
53 - If you want to conquer fear, don’t sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.  - Dale Carnegie
52 - The thing is to get the work done.  - Dale Carnegie
51 - Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.  - Thomas Edison
50 - It not knowing what to do, it’s doing what you know.  - Tony Robbins
49 - We tend to live up to our expectations.  - E. Nightingale
48 - If you’re interested in ‘balancing’ work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them.  - Donald Trump
46 - The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.  - Napoleon Hill
43 - Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.  - Henry Ford
42 - What a man’s mind can create, man’s character can control.  - Thomas Edison
41 - With out passion you dont have energy, with out energy you have nothing.  - Donald Trump
40 - Effective leadership is putting first things first.  - Stephen Covey
39 - I advise you to say your dream is possible and then overcome all inconveniences.  - Les Brown
38 - Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.  - Caesar
37 - Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.  - Jim Rohn
36 - Only the prepared speaker deserves to be confident.  - Dale Carnegie
35 - You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know.  - Tony Robbins
33 - If you start by promising what you don’t even have yet,you’ll lose your desire to work towards,getting it.  - Paulo Coelho
32 - A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity;an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty  - W. Churchill
31 - Strong men don’t compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.  - Andrew Carnegie
30 - It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.  - Napoleon Hill
29 - Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.  - Paulo Coelho
28 - The most important actions are never comfortable.  - Tim Ferriss
27 - We’re afraid, it’s because we don’t know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid.  - E. Nightingale
26 - You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.  - Andrew Carnegie
25 - Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.  - Jim Rohn
24 - Great ideas originate in the muscles.  - Thomas Edison
23 - If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.  - Thomas Edison
22 - All honor’s wounds are self-inflicted.  - Andrew Carnegie
21 - You cannot make progress without making decisions.  - Jim Rohn
20 - If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.  - Les Brown
19 - You always succeed in producing a result.  - Tony Robbins
18 - Competition is the keen cutting edge of business, always shaving away at costs.  - Henry Ford
17 - Applause is a receipt, not a bill.  - Dale Carnegie
16 - I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece.  - Tony Robbins
15 - You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do.  - Henry Ford
14 - There is no such thing as part freedom.  - Mandela
13 - The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.  - Thomas Edison
12 - Don’t find fault, find a remedy.  - Henry Ford
11 - People are smarter than you think. Give them a chance to prove themselves.  - Tim Ferriss
10 - Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.  - Jim Rohn
9 - Your beliefs about reality become your beliefs about yourself. - Steve Pavlina
6 - Don’t let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it - E. Nightingale
8 - Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it. - Da Vinci
