Vulgar and obscene, the papers run rumors daily about people in show business, tales of wicked ways and witless affairs. - Carroll O'Connor
It seems that entertainment is what most excites us and what we value above everything else. - Carroll O'Connor
The wages of pedantry is pain. - Carroll O'Connor
Nations have come under the control of haters and fools. - Carroll O'Connor
Talent can be developed, gift is God-given. But artists have both. - Carroll O'Connor
Even a true artist does not always produce art. - Carroll O'Connor
I hate pride, but if I were going to be proud of anything it would have to be something I'd done myself. Race pride is kind of stupid. - Carroll O'Connor
Some people thought we were presenting Archie as a false character. President Nixon thought we were making a fool out of a good man. - Carroll O'Connor
It was a lack of system that made the '30s Depression as inevitable as all others previously suffered. - Carroll O'Connor
One irreducible residual of 38 years in the business is the number of lasting, loving friendships I have made. - Carroll O'Connor
Those offers come in now and again. They're not knocking down my door. I'm only an old character actor, and I'm not needed. - Carroll O'Connor
Both my brothers became physicians and I, of course, wandered into a business where the undisciplined are welcome. - Carroll O'Connor
I enjoyed in every way my 12 years of playing Archie, and I wasn't personally sad about finishing a long job. - Carroll O'Connor
The reviewer is a singularly detested enemy because he is, unlike the hapless artist, invulnerable. - Carroll O'Connor
I have heard show business characterized as a refuge for childlike persons in flight from all things harsh and real. - Carroll O'Connor
My professional life in Hollywood has been filled with joy and laughter. - Carroll O'Connor
My Irish derivation has nothing to do with me. Why should it? - Carroll O'Connor
I do talk less now because the sound of my voice saying over and over the things I said years ago embarrasses and depresses me. Why do I say the same things over and over? - Carroll O'Connor
I'm lucky. Lord, I'm lucky. - Carroll O'Connor
Not all celebrities are dunces. - Carroll O'Connor
Millions of people thought Archie was a happy hero. - Carroll O'Connor
All in the Family was intellectual; it was art. - Carroll O'Connor
In a capitalist society, persons who create capital, like Michael Eisner, are given the staggering rewards. - Carroll O'Connor
Conventional show-biz savvy held that Americans hated to be the objects of satire. - Carroll O'Connor
Sheer flattery got me into the theater. Flattery always works with me, particularly the flattery of women. - Carroll O'Connor
We don't really need reviewers, just first-night reporters who will tell us faithfully whether or not the audience liked the show. - Carroll O'Connor
Half the pictures directed by men of reputation fail. - Carroll O'Connor
I've run into some S.O.B. directors, but I gave them back as good as I got. - Carroll O'Connor
