 Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together. - Napoleon Hill
 Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it. - Robert Schuller
 For them to perceive the advantage of defeating the enemy, they must also have their rewards. - Sun Tzu
 Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages. - Thomas Edison
 Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities. - Robert Schuller
 The opportunity to secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself. - Sun Tzu
 Our character is basically a composite of our habits. - Stephen Covey
 Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people. - Spencer Johnson
 The big thing is that you know what you want. - E. Nightingale
 Failure doesn’t mean you are a failure it just means you haven’t succeeded yet. - Robert Schuller
 No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. - Andrew Carnegie
 Don’t just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it. - Jim Rohn
 People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them. - Tony Robbins
 If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. - Jim Rohn
 Persistence is not will-power, it is much stronger and is grounded in belief, passion and desire. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster. - Sun Tzu
 You must have the self discipline to do the things you do not want to do, when you do not want to do them. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities. - Robert Schuller
 Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. - Napoleon Hill
 What would you do if you knew you could not fail? - Robert Schuller
 Our character is basically a composite of our habits. Because they are consistent, often unconcious patterns, they constantly, daily, express our character. - Stephen Covey
 Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power. - Da Vinci
 The path to success is to take massive, determined action. - Tony Robbins
 I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Albert Einstein
 Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success - Stephen Covey
 A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve! - Andrew Carnegie
 If you can’t sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. - Dale Carnegie
 I did want to play, so I’m disappointed. But it’s smart in the long run. - Spencer Johnson
 If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been. - Robert Schuller
 Unlike productions in the other arts, all television shows are born to destroy two other shows. - Les Brown
 The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. - Dale Carnegie
 It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. - Napoleon Hill
 Effective leadership is putting first things first. - Stephen Covey
 The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records. - Richard Branson
 I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill. - Thomas Edison
 Never bring the problem solving stage into the decision making stage. Otherwise, you surrender yourself to the problem rather than the solution. - Robert Schuller
 Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress. - Gandhi
 Life well spent is long. - Da Vinci
 Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. - Les Brown
 It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently. - Tony Robbins
 Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. - Henry Ford
 We get paid for bringing value to the market place. - Jim Rohn
 Learn to say ‘no’ to the good so you can say ‘yes’ to the best. - John Maxwell
 Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential. - W. Churchill
 Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Les Brown
 Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. - Thomas Edison
 I never did a day’s work in my life. It was all fun. - Thomas Edison
 Don’t find fault, find a remedy. - Henry Ford
 The thing is to get the work done. - Dale Carnegie
 One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. - Dale Carnegie
 Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. - Andrew Carnegie
 Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. - Napoleon Hill
 Only the prepared speaker deserves to be confident. - Dale Carnegie
 If you’re lying, you’re lying. - John Maxwell
 Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities. - W. Churchill
 The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use. - E. Nightingale
 The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking…the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker. - Albert Einstein
 If you’re going to be thinking, you may as well think big. - Donald Trump
 We cannot create observers by saying ‘observe,’ but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and these means are procured through education of the senses. - Maria Montessori
 We choose what attitudes we have right now. And it’s a continuing choice. - John Maxwell
 Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism – and wars. - Dale Carnegie
 Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein
 The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. - E. Nightingale
 We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it. - W. Churchill
 Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of mental laziness. - Tim Ferriss
 If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. - Jim Rohn
 You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over. -  Richard Branson
 Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
 As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big. - Donald Trump
 Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
 I have offended God and mankind because my work didn’t reach the quality it should have. - Da Vinci
 Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. - Jim Rohn
 Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy’s strategy. - Sun Tzu
 We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. - Tony Robbins
 Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. - Dale Carnegie
 Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought. - Napoleon Hill
 Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality - Napoleon Hill
 You give before you get. - Napoleon Hill
 Only by contending with challenges that seem to be beyond your strength to handle at the moment you can grow more surely toward the stars. - Brian Tracy
 It always seems impossible until its done. - Mandela
 Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people. - Spencer Johnson
 I am convinced that He (God) does not play dice. - Albert Einstein
 Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy. - Brian Tracy
 Well, the odds must be against anybody being able to fly around the world in a balloon on the first attempt. All of us who are attempting to go around the world in balloons are effectively flying in experimental craft because these craft cannot be tested. -  Richard Branson
 Tell the audience what you’re going to say, say it; then tell them what you’ve said. - Dale Carnegie
 Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn. - E. Nightingale
 Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true. - Caesar
 If you have an important point to make, don’t try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver. - W. Churchill
 If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near. - Sun Tzu
 Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - W. Churchill
 I cannot teach you violence, as I do not myself believe in it. I can only teach you not to bow your heads before any one even at the cost of your life. - Gandhi
 All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. - E. Nightingale
 It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste. - Henry Ford
 The value of an idea lies in the using of it. - Thomas Edison
 Invest three percent of your income in yourself (self-development) in order to guarantee your future. - Brian Tracy
 What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. - Donald Trump
 Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal. - Albert Einstein
 Money is usually attracted, not pursued. - Jim Rohn
 There is no such thing as failure. There are only results. - Tony Robbins
 Water is the driving force of all nature. - Da Vinci
 Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. - Thomas Edison
 One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don’t go into government. - Donald Trump
 Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. - Tony Robbins
 There can be no keener revelation of a society’s soul than the way in which it treats its children. - Mandela
 If you raise your children to feel that they can accomplish any goal or task they decide upon, you will have succeeded as a parent and you will have given your children the greatest of all blessings. - Brian Tracy
 We’ve always had a pretty competitive and pretty ferocious battle with British Airways… It’s lasted now about 14 years, and we’re very pleased to have survived it. -  Richard Branson
 It’s the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep. - Dale Carnegie
 People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be - E. Nightingale
 Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else’s hands, but not you. - Jim Rohn
 Yes, we have to divide up our time like that, between our politics and our equations. But to me our equations are far more important, for politics are only a matter of present concern. A mathematical equation stands forever. - Albert Einstein
 If help and salvation are to come, they can only come from the children, for the children are the makers of men. - Maria Montessori
 Excellence always sells. - E. Nightingale
 Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism — how passionately I hate them! - Albert Einstein
 Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Gandhi
 People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity - Andrew Carnegie
 Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity. - Albert Einstein
 When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. - Napoleon Hill
 There’s a way to do it better – find it. - Thomas Edison
 Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas Edison
 Well, we know that people in Australia love the idea of both Impulse and Virgin Blue getting up and adding a bit of competition, and it’s fun to be able to deliver it. -  Richard Branson
 Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time. - Brian Tracy
 You can become an even more excellent person by constantly setting higher and higher standards for yourself and then by doing everything possible to live up to those standards. - Brian Tracy
 The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another’s keeping. - Dale Carnegie
 One test of the correctness of educational procedure is the happiness of the child. - Maria Montessori
 Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary. - Gandhi
 Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage — to move in the opposite direction. - Albert Einstein
 A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. - John Maxwell
 Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. - Dale Carnegie
 The smallest feline is a masterpiece. - Da Vinci
 If an educational act is to be efficacious, it will be only that one which tends to help toward the complete unfolding of life. To be thus helpful it is necessary rigorously to avoid the arrest of spontaneous movements and the imposition of arbitrary tasks. - Maria Montessori
 In order to form an immaculate member of a flock of sheep one must, above all, be a sheep. - Albert Einstein
 Just as a man is fulfilled through working out the intricate details of solving a problem, a woman is fulfilled through talking about the details of her problems. - John Gray
 Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school. - Albert Einstein
 Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true. - Brian Tracy
 Every person is responsible for all the good within the scope of his abilities, and for no more, and none can tell whose sphere is the largest. - Robert Schuller
 An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. - Gandhi
 To grow in our ability to love ourselves we need to receive love as well. - John Gray
 The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. - Robert Schuller
 The book you don’t read won’t help. - Jim Rohn
 We, we – as I say, we go in and shake up other industries and I think, you know, we do it differently and I think that industries are not quite the same as a result of Virgin attacking the market. -  Richard Branson
 You must expect failure as part of your journey of success, failure and success go hand in hand, you cannot have one without the other. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance. - Brian Tracy
 You must do one thing each day which makes you feel uncomfortable. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. - Sun Tzu
 Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive. - Dalai Lama
 A man’s ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeeded be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death. - Albert Einstein
 Learning never exhausts the mind. - Da Vinci
 A man’s sense of self is defined through his ability to achieve results. - John Gray
 goal is a dream with a deadline. - Napoleon Hill
 We will always tend to fulfill our own expectation of ourselves. - Brian Tracy
 You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. - Brian Tracy
 If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle. - Sun Tzu
 History is written by the victors. - W. Churchill
 We teachers can only help the work going on, as servants wait upon a master. - Maria Montessori
 The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell. - Andrew Carnegie
 Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance. - Brian Tracy
 Who sows virtue reaps honor. - Da Vinci
 Great spirits have often encountered violent opposition from weak minds. - Albert Einstein
 Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - W. Churchill
 You must face your fears and limiting beliefs head-on to develop your self-belief. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 It is essential to seek out enemy agents who have come to conduct espionage against you and to bribe them to serve you. Give them instructions and care for them. Thus doubled agents are recruited and used. - Sun Tzu
 You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life. - W. Churchill
 You never know with these things when you’re trying something new what can happen. This is all experimental. -  Richard Branson
 I came, I saw, I conquered. - Caesar
 Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it. - John Quincy Adams
 Sometimes one creates a dynamic impression by saying something, and sometimes one creates as significant an impression by remaining silent. - Dalai Lama
 My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost. -  Richard Branson
 The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. - Albert Einstein
 Everything that’s really worthwhile in life comes to us. - E. Nightingale
 Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself. - Andrew Carnegie
 I never get the accountants in before I start up a business. It’s done on gut feeling, especially if I can see that they are taking the mickey out of the consumer. -  Richard Branson
 I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. - Robert Schuller
 Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day. - Jim Rohn
 The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible. - Albert Einstein
 Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. - Dale Carnegie
 I don’t think so, in that Virgin is already a global brand. Brands like Amazon have had to spend hundreds of millions of pounds you know, building their brands, whereas Virgin is already well-known around the world. -  Richard Branson
 Persistence is not will-power, it is much stronger and is grounded in belief, passion and desire. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 It’s a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field. - Stephen Covey
 Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. - John Maxwell
 f you are insecure, guess what? The rest of the world is, too. - Tim Ferriss
 The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now. - Leo Babauta
 There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. - Dalai Lama
 One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds. - Gandhi
 So I’ve seen life as one long learning process. And if I see – you know, if I fly on somebody else’s airline and find the experience is not a pleasant one, which it wasn’t in – 21 years ago, then I’d think, well, you know, maybe I can create the kind of airline that I’d like to fly on. -  Richard Branson
 No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. - Andrew Carnegie
 As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. - Da Vinci
 People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. - John Maxwell
 The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. - Sun Tzu
 I never worry about action, but only inaction. - W. Churchill
 The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking. - Robert Schuller
 Your mind is for having ideas, not for holding them. - David Allen
 If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. - Tony Robbins
 In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. - Donald Trump
 Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend – or a meaningful day. - Dalai Lama
 You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile. - Brian Tracy
 Whatever you dwell on in the conscious grows in your experience. - Brian Tracy
 When envoys are sent with compliments in their mouths, it is a sign that the enemy wishes for a truce. - Sun Tzu
 Just because something doesn’t do what you planned it to do doesn’t mean it’s useless. - Thomas Edison
 Money won’t create success, the freedom to make it will. - Mandela
 Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall. - Stephen Covey
 Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can? - Sun Tzu
 Focus on being productive instead of busy. - Tim Ferriss
 As long as you derive inner help and comfort from anything, keep it. - Gandhi
 Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. - Albert Einstein
 The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge. - Albert Einstein
 History is more or less bunk. - Henry Ford
 As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein
 We mistakenly assume that if our partners love us they will react and behave in certain ways – the ways we react and behave when we love someone. - John Gray
 He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave. - Andrew Carnegie
 Secret operations are essential in war; upon them the army relies to make its every move. - Sun Tzu
 Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come. - Robert Schuller
 A person starts to live when he can live outside himself. - Albert Einstein
 Hope is not good enough, action is what matters. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 We still did not answer the questions that are important to us - Paulo Coelho
 You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. - Les Brown
 The wise man puts all his eggs in one basket and watches the basket. - Andrew Carnegie
 You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. - Jim Rohn
 Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
 Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly. - Robert Schuller
 The enlightened ruler is heedful, and the good general full of caution. - Sun Tzu
 I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work. - Thomas Edison
 Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. - John Quincy Adams
 While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die. - Da Vinci
 Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities. - Robert Schuller
 Well, I think that there’s a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you’re likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line. -  Richard Branson
 We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them. - Albert Einstein
 There is far more opportunity than there is ability. - Thomas Edison
 Some people are at the top of the ladder, some are in the middle, still more are at the bottom, and a whole lot more don’t even know there is a ladder. - Robert Schuller
 One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus. - Tony Robbins
 The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you - Tony Robbins
 Hate the sin, love the sinner. - Gandhi
 Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. - E. Nightingale
 The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena. The teacher must understand and feel her position of observer: the activity must lie in the phenomenon. - Maria Montessori
 …one of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness, from the fetters of one’s own ever-shifting desires. A finely tempered nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought. - Albert Einstein
 Again and again, the impossible problem is solved when we see that the problem is only a tough decision waiting to be made. - Robert Schuller
 The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire. - Brian Tracy
 Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it. - Robert Schuller
 Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed. - Maria Montessori
 The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. - Tony Robbins
 I cannot remember a moment in my life when I have not felt the love of my family. We were a family that would have killed for each other – and we still are. -  Richard Branson
 Winning starts with beginning. - Robert Schuller
 There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare. - Sun Tzu
 You need to break larger goals down into smaller steps and create a plan of action to achieve them. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 I just try to go after it every game. Really. I just try to make a goal for every game of how many rebounds and how many offensive rebounds I can get. - Spencer Johnson
 Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event. - Brian Tracy
 The only real valuable thing is intuition. - Albert Einstein
 Like getting into a bleeding competition with a blood bank. -  Richard Branson
 No one lives long enough to learn everything they need to learn starting from scratch. To be successful, we absolutely, positively have to find people who have already paid the price to learn the things that we need to learn to achieve our goals. - Brian Tracy
 All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse. - John Quincy Adams
 If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. - Dalai Lama
 New opportunities do not come from sitting at home watch TV – you need to get out and create lucky breaks. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within. - E. Nightingale
 Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
 Communication is a skill that you can learn. It’s like riding a bicycle or typing. If you’re willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life. - Brian Tracy
 Remember, you’re the one who creates speed, because you’re the one who allows stuff to enter your life. - David Allen
 The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there’s no risk of accident for someone who’s dead. - Albert Einstein
 Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life. - Dalai Lama
 Knowing is not enough! You must take action. - Tony Robbins
 All war is based on deception. - Sun Tzu
 If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man’s future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual’s total development lags behind? - Maria Montessori
 If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self. - Napoleon Hill
 It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts. - Robert Schuller
 Men are motivated and empowered when they feel needed. Women are motivated and empowered when they feel cherished. - John Gray
 Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed. - Dale Carnegie
 If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it. - Dalai Lama
 past, they may hinder your ability to live in the present. - Les Brown
 To fight and conquer in all our battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy’s resistance without fighting. - Sun Tzu
 Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. - Dale Carnegie
 If you need money, go to the bank, but not the marketplace. - Jim Rohn
 Success is simple but not easy. You must enjoy hard work. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 Your ability to communicate is an important tool in your pursuit of your goals. - Les Brown
 Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war. - Maria Montessori
 Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it. - Da Vinci
 However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. - W. Churchill
 In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes. - Caesar
 It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come. - Dalai Lama
 The person we believe ourselves to be will always act in a manner consistent with our self-image. - Brian Tracy
 To offer a man unsolicited advice is to presume that he doesn’t know what to do or that he can’t do it on his own. - John Gray
 The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. - Andrew Carnegie
 For them to perceive the advantage of defeating the enemy, they must also have their rewards. - Sun Tzu
 A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships. - Stephen Covey
 When negative feelings are suppressed positive feelings become suppressed as well, and love dies. - John Gray
 The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing. - Stephen Covey
 The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness. - Dalai Lama
 All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
 It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence. - Gandhi
 What would you do if you knew you could not fail? - Robert Schuller
 Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. - Napoleon Hill
 When a man loves a woman, periodically he needs to pull away before he can get closer. - John Gray
 Of all those in the army close to the commander none is more intimate than the secret agent; of all rewards none more liberal than those given to secret agents; of all matters none is more confidential than those relating to secret operations. - Sun Tzu
 Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance. - Sun Tzu
 Whether one believes in a religion or not, and whether one believes in rebirth or not, there isn’t anyone who doesn’t appreciate kindness and compassion. - Dalai Lama
 There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking. - Thomas Edison
 If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. - John Quincy Adams
 There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. - Les Brown
 The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. - Tony Robbins
 Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them. - John Maxwell
 No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. - Andrew Carnegie
 Goals must never be from your ego, but problems that cry for a solution. - Robert Schuller
 The blind quest for cash is a fool’s errand. - Tim Ferriss
 Goals help you channel your energy into action. - Les Brown
 He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious. - Sun Tzu
 The big thing is that you know what you want. - E. Nightingale
 Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. - Henry Ford
 To aid life, leaving it free, however, that is the basic task of the educator. - Maria Montessori
 Nip the shoots of arbitrary power in the bud, is the only maxim which can ever preserve the liberties of any people. - John Quincy Adams
 You must be the change you want to see in the world. - Gandhi
 Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster. - Sun Tzu
 We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals. - Stephen Covey
 Just because Fate doesn’t deal you the right cards, it doesn’t mean you should give up. - Les Brown
 You can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself. - Da Vinci
 Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom… The power to choose, to respond, to change. - Stephen Covey
 It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. - Robert Schuller
 We discovered that education is not something which the teacher does, but that it is a natural process which develops spontaneously in the human being. - Maria Montessori
 Know yourself, know the enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories. - Sun Tzu
 The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. - Dale Carnegie
 The price of greatness is responsibility. - W. Churchill
 Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. - Les Brown
 When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up. - Les Brown
 To see victory only when it is within the ken of the common herd is not the acme of excellence. - Sun Tzu
 A woman’s sense of self is defined through her feelings and the quality of her relationships. - John Gray
 Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation. - Brian Tracy
 A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. - John Maxwell
 People will choose unhappiness over uncertainty. - Tim Ferriss
 I have lived long enough both in years and in accomplishments. - Caesar
 Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air. - John Quincy Adams
 Successful people are simply those with successful habits. - Brian Tracy
 Your philosophy determines whether you will go for the disciplines or continue the errors. - Jim Rohn
 Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death. - Sun Tzu
 You must sow a seed of opportunity everyday. - Richard Parkes Cordock
 The task of the educator lies in seeing that the child does not confound good with immobility and evil with activity. - Maria Montessori
 I’ve found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. - Brian Tracy
 I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers. - Gandhi
 When I despair, I remember that all through history the ways of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants, and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible, but in the end they always fall. Think of it–always. - Gandhi
 Live with passion! - Tony Robbins
 Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. - Napoleon Hill
 Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming. -  Richard Branson
 And you know, I’ve had great fun turning quite a lot of different industries on their head and making sure those industries will never be the same again, because Virgin went in and took them on. -  Richard Branson
 The ultimate authority must always rest with the individual’s own reason and critical analysis. - Dalai Lama
 Live out of your imagination, not your history. - Stephen Covey
 We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. - Stephen Covey
 You can often measure a person by the size of his dream. - Robert Schuller
 And obviously, from our own personal point of view, the principal challenge is a personal challenge. -  Richard Branson
 If you fall, fall on your back. If you can look up, you can get up. - Les Brown
 You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you. - Brian Tracy
 The process of learning requires not only hearing and applying but also forgetting and then remembering again. - John Gray
 This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness. - Dalai Lama
 With realization of one’s own potential and self-confidence in one’s ability, one can build a better world. - Dalai Lama
 We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light. - E. Nightingale
 He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year. - Da Vinci
 I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar. - Andrew Carnegie
 The general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without fearing disgrace, whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for his sovereign, is the jewel of the kingdom. - Sun Tzu
 All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. - Da Vinci
 Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else. - Brian Tracy
 Indolence is a delightful but distressing state; we must be doing something to be happy. - Gandhi
 I love the freedom of movement that my phone gives me. That has definitely transformed my life. -  Richard Branson
 You never suffer from a money problem, you always suffer from an idea problem. - Robert Schuller
 I want freedom for the full expression of my personality. - Gandhi
 We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry. - Maria Montessori
 Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. - Dalai Lama
 The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one. - John Maxwell
 Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. - Gandhi
 Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing. - Napoleon Hill
 Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know. - Jim Rohn
 Only free men can negotiate;prisoners cannot enter into contracts.Your freedom and mine cannot be separated. - Mandela
 If you are going through hell, keep going. - W. Churchill
 Whether you think that you can, or that you can’t, you are usually right. - Henry Ford
 The first ten minutes of sorting through clothing was like choosing which child of mine should live or die - Tim Ferriss
 Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
 It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. - W. Churchill
 Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. - Andrew Carnegie
 I had rather be first in a village than second at Rome. - Caesar
 All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. - David Allen
 Exercise is bunk. If you are healthy, you don’t need it: if you are sick you should not take it. - Henry Ford
 There is no man living that can not do more than he thinks he can. - Henry Ford
 Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought. - Napoleon Hill
 Things rarely get stuck because of lack of time.They get stuck because the doing of them has not been defined - David Allen
 Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service. - E. Nightingale
 You have to be smart. The easy days are over. - R. Kiyosaki
 One does not leave a convivial party before closing time. - W. Churchill
 I cannot discover that anyone knows enough to say definitely what is and what is not possible. - Henry Ford
 Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
 No man is ever whipped until he quits in his own mind. - Napoleon Hill
 Creativity and freedom are two sides of the same coin. I like the best of both worlds. - David Allen
 There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas Edison
 The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. - Dale Carnegie
 More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth. - Napoleon Hill
 The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. - Napoleon Hill
 Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won’t work. - Thomas Edison
 Character isn’t something you were born with and can’t change, like your fingerprints. It’s something you weren’t born with and must take responsibility for forming. - Jim Rohn
 Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel. - Napoleon Hill
 We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. - Les Brown
 Men freely believe that which they desire. - Caesar
 A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. - Henry Ford
 Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. - Dale Carnegie
 The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure. - Dale Carnegie
 The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back - Dale Carnegie
 Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle. - Napoleon Hill
 To solve any problem,here are 3 questions to ask yourself:what could I do?what could I read?Who could I ask? - Jim Rohn
 Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career! - E. Nightingale
 A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one. - Henry Ford
 Forgive those who have hurt you. - Les Brown
 It is more agreeable to have the power to give than to receive. - W. Churchill
 War grows out of the desire of the individual to gain advantage at the expense of his fellow man. - Napoleon Hill
 He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. - Da Vinci
 It isn’t enough to think outside the box. Thinking is passive. Get used to acting outside the box. - Tim Ferriss
 There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge. - Napoleon Hill
 Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. - Napoleon Hill
 Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind. - E. Nightingale
 Play the game for more than you can afford to lose… only then will you learn the game. - W. Churchill
 A bore is a person who opens his mouth and puts his feats in it. - Henry Ford
 Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. - Thomas Edison
 Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners - Dale Carnegie
 The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today. - Les Brown
 Every time you walk down the street people are screaming, ‘You’re fired!’ - Donald Trump
 For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward. - Jim Rohn
 A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die. - Les Brown
 They were seeking out the treasure of their destiny, without actually wanting to live out their destiny. - Paulo Coelho
 Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake? - Da Vinci
 Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all. - W. Churchill
 You can’t learn in school what the world is going to do next year. - Henry Ford
 Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately. - Andrew Carnegie
 There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; its what we do with them that’s important. - Jim Rohn
 When a person really desires something,all the universe conspires to help that person to realize his dream - Paulo Coelho
 Don’t bring your need to the marketplace, bring your skill. - Jim Rohn
 We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - W. Churchill
 Hold a picture of yourself long and steadily enough in your mind’s eye, and you will be drawn toward it  - Napoleon Hill
 Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.  - Henry Ford
 Whatever you have, you must either use or lose.  - Henry Ford
 Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.  - Henry Ford
 Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.  - Jim Rohn
 Those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still.  - Dale Carnegie
 Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.  - Tony Robbins
 If you have an important point to make, don’t try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver.  - W. Churchill
 In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions.  - Tony Robbins
 An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.  - Henry Ford
 If there’s no action, you haven’t truly decided.  - Tony Robbins
 Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.  - Napoleon Hill
 Anything that does not belong where it is, is an “open loop” pulling on your attention.  - David Allen
 Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.  - E. Nightingale
 No accurate thinker will judge another person by that which the other person’s enemies say about him.  - Napoleon Hill
 Difficulties mastered are opportunities won.  - W. Churchill
 Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success.  - Andrew Carnegie
 Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up  - Thomas Edison
 There is no passion to be found playing small  - Mandela
 When dealing with people,remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic,but creatures of emotion  - Dale Carnegie
 Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.  - Donald Trump
 Tell the audience what you’re going to say, say it; then tell them what you’ve said.  - Dale Carnegie
 There is usually an inverse proportion between how much something is on your mind and how much it’s getting done  - David Allen
 For remember, fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind.  - Dale Carnegie
 Once a week, do a thorough review of all your projects in as much detail as you need to.  - David Allen
 Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.  - Jim Rohn
 A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!  - Andrew Carnegie
 Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.  - W. Churchill
 Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.  - Thomas Edison
 Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.  - Dale Carnegie
 The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.  - Andrew Carnegie
 Public behavior is merely private character writ large.  - Stephen Covey
 The path to success is to take massive, determined action.  - Tony Robbins
 The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.  - Da Vinci
 Being busy does not always mean real work.  - Thomas Edison
 Other people’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality.  - Les Brown
 Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something.  - Dale Carnegie
 The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.  - Andrew Carnegie
 Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.  - Henry Ford
 When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.  - Paulo Coelho
 If you’re going to be thinking, you may as well think big.  - Donald Trump
 What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.  - Caesar
 People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them.  - Tony Robbins
 You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it.  - Paulo Coelho
 If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.  - W. Churchill
 No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.  - Napoleon Hill
 Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.  - W. Churchill
 Everything in life is luck.  - Donald Trump
 In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.  - Stephen Covey
 The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else.  - E. Nightingale
 If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you.  - Jim Rohn
 It’s easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.  - Da Vinci
 A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.  - Mandela
 Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.  - Jim Rohn
 It is always your next move.  - Napoleon Hill
 It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.  - Caesar
 Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution.  - Thomas Edison
 A real decision is measured by the fact that you’ve taken a new action.  - Tony Robbins
 As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.  - Da Vinci
 Do you mind if I sit back a little? Because your breath is very bad.  - Donald Trump
 It is a fine thing to be honest, but it is also very important to be right.  - W. Churchill
 At the end of the day, the questions we ask of ourselves determine the type of people that we will become  - Leo Babauta
 The body is a community made up of its innumerable cells or inhabitants.  - Thomas Edison
 See yourself doing the things you’ll be doing when you’ve reached your goal.  - E. Nightingale
 We will act consistently with our view of who we truly are, whether that view is accurate or not.  - Tony Robbins
 If you don’t like how things are, change it! You’re not a tree.  - Jim Rohn
 I have wasted my hours.  - Da Vinci
 It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute… that gives meaning to our lives.  - Tony Robbins
 Blinding ignorance does mislead us. O! Wretched mortals, open your eyes!  - Da Vinci
 Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself. You are better than you think.  - Tim Ferriss
 Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.  - Jim Rohn
 Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.  - Napoleon Hill
 We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it.  - W. Churchill
 Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential.  - W. Churchill
 Our life is made by the death of others.  - Da Vinci
 Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.  - Paulo Coelho
 You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.  - Jim Rohn
 Art is never finished, only abandoned.  - Da Vinci
 Surmounting difficulty is the crucible that forms character.  - Tony Robbins
 The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.  - Dale Carnegie
 Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.  - Dale Carnegie
 The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.  - W. Churchill
 Common Sense is that which judges the things given to it by other senses.  - Da Vinci
 Unlike productions in the other arts, all television shows are born to destroy two other shows.  - Les Brown
 The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.  - Dale Carnegie
 Men willingly believe what they wish.  - Caesar
 Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement.  - Mandela
 Well, real estate is always good, as far as I’m concerned.  - Donald Trump
 Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.  - Caesar
 Which 20% of sources are causing 80% of my problems and unhappiness?  - Tim Ferriss
 We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.  - Jim Rohn
 Money is like an arm or leg – use it or lose it.  - Henry Ford
 Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.  - Mandela
 We have to stop and be humble enough to understand that there is something called mystery.  - Paulo Coelho
 Do the thing you fear […] that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear.  - Dale Carnegie
 A novel is never anything, but a philosophy put into images.  - Jim Rohn
 Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them.  - Les Brown
 The morality of compromise sounds contradictory.  - Andrew Carnegie
 You’ll find boredom where there is the absence of a good idea.  - E. Nightingale
 Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.  - Jim Rohn
 Whatever happens, take responsibility.  - Tony Robbins
 The fool are fools only because they think they can understand love.  - Paulo Coelho
 Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger.  - E. Nightingale
 Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.  - W. Churchill
 You have to think anyway, so why not think big?  - Donald Trump
 I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.  - Mandela
 The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge,experience &amp; ability  - Henry Ford
 Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality  - Napoleon Hill
 Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.  - E. Nightingale
 Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.  - Les Brown
 It always seems impossible until its done.  - Mandela
 You can do anything, but not everything.  - David Allen
 Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win  - Napoleon Hill
 Success is steady progress toward one’s personal goals.  - Jim Rohn
 To my mind the old masters are not art; their value is in their scarcity.  - Thomas Edison
 Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish,focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing  - Leo Babauta
 The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.  - E. Nightingale
 When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.  - Donald Trump
 The way to develop decisiveness is to start right where you are, with the very next question you face.  - Napoleon Hill
 It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.  - Caesar
 We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.  - Tony Robbins
 When fate hands you a lemon, make lemonade.  - Dale Carnegie
 Sure I am of this, that you have only to endure to conquer.  - W. Churchill
 What you are will show in what you do.  - Thomas Edison
 Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.  - E. Nightingale
 Picture yourself in your minds eye as having already achieved this goal.  - E. Nightingale
 Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process.  - Jim Rohn
 I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can’t be done.  - Henry Ford
 I do not believe a man can ever leave his business.He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night  - Henry Ford
 If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.  - Napoleon Hill
 A lot of people are afraid to tell the truth, to say no.  - R. Kiyosaki
 Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.  - Thomas Edison
 Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes shine to the stars.  - Henry Ford
 We all have possibilities we don’t know about. We can do things we don’t even dream we can do.  - Dale Carnegie
 Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.  - Da Vinci
 Without a sense of urgency, desire loses its value.  - Jim Rohn
 Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.  - Andrew Carnegie
 Money without brains is always dangerous.  - Napoleon Hill
 You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so.  - Dale Carnegie
 Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.  - Henry Ford
 Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat.  - Andrew Carnegie
 Aim for the highest.  - Andrew Carnegie
 It doesn’t matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off.  - Jim Rohn
 It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.  - Henry Ford
 It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.  - Jim Rohn
 To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.  - W. Churchill
 The die is cast.  - Caesar
 You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers.  - Les Brown
 There are three constants in life… change, choice and principles.  - Stephen Covey
 Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Les Brown
 Let there be work, bread, water and salt for all.  - Mandela
 Want to learn to eat a lot?Here it is:Eat a little.That way,you will be around long enough to eat a lot.  - Tony Robbins
 Miss a meal if you have to, but don’t miss a book.  - Jim Rohn
 Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.  - Da Vinci
 The biggest mistake of the man is that he thinks he doesn’t deserve the good and the bad things from his life  - Paulo Coelho
 Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.  - Napoleon Hill
 People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.  - Dale Carnegie
 Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.  - Napoleon Hill
 What’s going on in the inside shows on the outside.  - E. Nightingale
 If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.  - Jim Rohn
 The key is not to prioritize what’s on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.  - Stephen Covey
 To have a great idea, have a lot of them.  - Thomas Edison
 Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism – and wars.  - Dale Carnegie
 We get paid for bringing value to the market place.  - Jim Rohn
 Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better.  - Jim Rohn
 Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain – and most fools do.  - Dale Carnegie
 Asking is the beginning of receiving. Make sure you don’t go to the ocean with a teaspoon.  - Jim Rohn
 I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.  - W. Churchill
 Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.  - Henry Ford
 After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.  - Mandela
 It’s not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean.  - Tony Robbins
 Love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere.  - Paulo Coelho
 Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come from the individual.  - E. Nightingale
 Life well spent is long.  - Da Vinci
 You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.  - Dale Carnegie
 The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.  - Tony Robbins
 I never did a day’s work in my life. It was all fun.  - Thomas Edison
 Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together.  - Napoleon Hill
 Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of mental laziness.  - Tim Ferriss
 I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work.  - Thomas Edison
 Don’t let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality.  - Les Brown
 Frankly, I’m more of a researcher, teacher, motivator, and coach than I am an entrepreneur.  - David Allen
 We aren’t in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.  - Tony Robbins
 In life you need either inspiration or desperation.  - Tony Robbins
 Don’t just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it.  - Jim Rohn
 I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill.  - Thomas Edison
 Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.  - Thomas Edison
 History is more or less bunk. -  Henry Ford
&nbsp;
-  -  <a href="http://www.somuch.com" target="_blank">SoMuch.com</a>
 Once you’ve taken inventory, you can start to make sense of your runway.  - David Allen
 Experience is the teacher of all things.  - Caesar
 All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.  - Napoleon Hill
 One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.  - Paulo Coelho
 A well-spent day brings happy sleep.  - Da Vinci
 Which 20% of sources are resulting in 80% of my desired outcomes and happiness?  - Tim Ferriss
 Don’t be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs.  - Dale Carnegie
 The wise are wise only because they love.  - Paulo Coelho
 They say President Wilson has blundered. Perhaps he has, but I notice he usually blunders forward.  - Thomas Edison
 Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that’s more productive.  - Donald Trump
 If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.  - Dale Carnegie
 Your power is proportional to your ability to relax.  - David Allen
 There is little success where there is little laughter.  - Andrew Carnegie
 Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.  - Da Vinci
 The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch.  - Jim Rohn
 Part of your heritage in this society is the opportunity to become financially independent.  - Jim Rohn
 If you don’t feel well, tell your doctor, but not the marketplace.  - Jim Rohn
 Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.  - Jim Rohn
 If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.  - Dale Carnegie
 For changes to be of any true value, they’ve got to be lasting and consistent.  - Tony Robbins
 The point is that you can’t be too greedy.  - Donald Trump
 To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.  - Thomas Edison
 Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.  - Les Brown
 Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.  - Thomas Edison
 Being busy is a form of laziness – lazy thinking and indiscriminate action.  - Tim Ferriss
 All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me – consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.  - Donald Trump
 What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?  - Tony Robbins
 If you want to gather honey, don’t kick over the beehive.  - Dale Carnegie
 Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.  - Les Brown
 Seriously,people still like the feel and smell of a book.It doesn’t need batteries,cables,and you never get spammed  - David Allen
 Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought.  - Napoleon Hill
 If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.  - R. Kiyosaki
 We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.  - Mandela
 The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.  - Da Vinci
 You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.  - Les Brown
 I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.  - Donald Trump
 There’s always a way – if you’re committed.  - Tony Robbins
 Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.  - Paulo Coelho
 The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does.  - Napoleon Hill
 No one can lie, no one can hide anything, when he looks directly into someone’s eyes.  - Paulo Coelho
 Focusing on your values may provide you with meaning, but it won’t simplify things.  - David Allen
 We don’t know a millionth of one percent about anything.  - Thomas Edison
 I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk their talk.  - Tony Robbins
 The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.  - Henry Ford
 Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.  - Paulo Coelho
 Everything begins with an idea.  - E. Nightingale
 Nature never breaks her own laws.  - Da Vinci
 Sometimes the greatest gain in productive energy will come from cleaning the cobwebs  - David Allen
 Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right.  - Henry Ford
 Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.  - Paulo Coelho
 When the water starts boiling it is foolish to turn off the heat.  - Mandela
 Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself.  - Paulo Coelho
 You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.  - Napoleon Hill
 All of us need to grow continuously in our lives.  - Les Brown
 If you must speak ill of another, do not speak it, write it in the sand near the water’s edge.  - Napoleon Hill
 If you are carrying strong feelings about something that happened in your  - Les Brown
 There are no big problems, there are just a lot of little problems.  - Henry Ford
 Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.  - Dale Carnegie
 We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.  - Les Brown
 The value of an idea lies in the using of it.  - Thomas Edison
 I’m the No. 1 developer in New York, I’m the biggest in Atlantic City, and maybe we’ll keep it that way.  - Donald Trump
 Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.  - Les Brown
 Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don’t make.  - Donald Trump
 Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.  - Napoleon Hill
 We will receive not what we idly wish for but what we justly earn.  - E. Nightingale
 Remember happiness doesn’t depend upon who you are or what you have;it depends solely on what you think  - Dale Carnegie
 Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn.  - E. Nightingale
 The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around.  - Thomas Edison
 The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.  - Mandela
 Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.  - Thomas Edison
 Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don’t go well.  - Jim Rohn
 How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I’m committed to?  - Tony Robbins
 The mind moves in the direction of our currently dominant thoughts.  - E. Nightingale
 I have offended God and mankind because my work didn’t reach the quality it should have.  - Da Vinci
 Well you know, for my experience, your head’s for having ideas, not for holding them.  - David Allen
 All you have to do is know where you’re going. The answers will come to you of their own accord.  - E. Nightingale
 Men are nearly always willing to believe what they wish.  - Caesar
 Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now.  - E. Nightingale
 If you can’t sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying.  - Dale Carnegie
 I start where the last man left off.  - Thomas Edison
 Creativity is a natural extension of our enthusiasm.  - E. Nightingale
 Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success  - Stephen Covey
 It’s tangible, it’s solid, it’s beautiful. It’s artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.  - Donald Trump
 Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.  - Jim Rohn
 Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.  - Paulo Coelho
 No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected.  - Caesar
 Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The real excitement is playing the game  - Donald Trump
 Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.  - Napoleon Hill
 As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.  - Donald Trump
 The first thing the secretary types is the boss.  - Donald Trump
 I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory.  - Caesar
 Do not let spacious plans for a new world divert your energies from saving what is left of the old.  - W. Churchill
 Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit  - Napoleon Hill
 The major reason for setting a goal is for what it makes of you to accomplish it.  - Jim Rohn
 Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.  - Stephen Covey
 Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.  - Les Brown
 It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project.  - Napoleon Hill
 The major value in life is not what you get. The major value in life is what you become.  - Jim Rohn
 Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.  - Da Vinci
 Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.  - E. Nightingale
 One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living.  - Dale Carnegie
 Academic qualifications are important and so is financial education.  - R. Kiyosaki
 If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.  - Henry Ford
 People with goals succeed because they know where they’re going.  - E. Nightingale
 The royal road to a man’s heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.  - Dale Carnegie
 Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.  - Napoleon Hill
 A game is like a mirror that allows you to look at yourself.  - R. Kiyosaki
 Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken.  - Donald Trump
 Maturity is often more absurd than youth and very frequently is most unjust to youth.  - Thomas Edison
 When people are like each other they tend to like each other.  - Tony Robbins
 Concentration is my motto – first honesty, then industry, then concentration.  - Andrew Carnegie
 Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.  - Les Brown
 It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see.  - W. Churchill
 You can become blind by seeing each day as a similar one.  - Paulo Coelho
 Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.  - Henry Ford
 Inside of every problem lies an opportunity.  - R. Kiyosaki
 Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.  - Napoleon Hill
 The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.  - Napoleon Hill
 Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner.  - Les Brown
 Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.  - Henry Ford
 I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present.  - Donald Trump
 Make measurable progress in reasonable time.  - Jim Rohn
 If you want to conquer fear, don’t sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.  - Dale Carnegie
 The thing is to get the work done.  - Dale Carnegie
 Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.  - Thomas Edison
 It not knowing what to do, it’s doing what you know.  - Tony Robbins
 We tend to live up to our expectations.  - E. Nightingale
 If you’re interested in ‘balancing’ work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them.  - Donald Trump
 The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.  - Napoleon Hill
 Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.  - Henry Ford
 What a man’s mind can create, man’s character can control.  - Thomas Edison
 With out passion you dont have energy, with out energy you have nothing.  - Donald Trump
 Effective leadership is putting first things first.  - Stephen Covey
 I advise you to say your dream is possible and then overcome all inconveniences.  - Les Brown
 Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.  - Caesar
 Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.  - Jim Rohn
 Only the prepared speaker deserves to be confident.  - Dale Carnegie
 You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know.  - Tony Robbins
 If you start by promising what you don’t even have yet,you’ll lose your desire to work towards,getting it.  - Paulo Coelho
 A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity;an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty  - W. Churchill
 Strong men don’t compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.  - Andrew Carnegie
 It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.  - Napoleon Hill
 Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.  - Paulo Coelho
 The most important actions are never comfortable.  - Tim Ferriss
 We’re afraid, it’s because we don’t know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid.  - E. Nightingale
 You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.  - Andrew Carnegie
 Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.  - Jim Rohn
 Great ideas originate in the muscles.  - Thomas Edison
 If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.  - Thomas Edison
 All honor’s wounds are self-inflicted.  - Andrew Carnegie
 You cannot make progress without making decisions.  - Jim Rohn
 If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.  - Les Brown
 You always succeed in producing a result.  - Tony Robbins
 Competition is the keen cutting edge of business, always shaving away at costs.  - Henry Ford
 Applause is a receipt, not a bill.  - Dale Carnegie
 I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece.  - Tony Robbins
 You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do.  - Henry Ford
 There is no such thing as part freedom.  - Mandela
 The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.  - Thomas Edison
 Don’t find fault, find a remedy.  - Henry Ford
 People are smarter than you think. Give them a chance to prove themselves.  - Tim Ferriss
 Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.  - Jim Rohn
 Your beliefs about reality become your beliefs about yourself. - Steve Pavlina
 Don’t let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it - E. Nightingale
 Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it. - Da Vinci
